Your son kidnapped my woman and stabbed me
Tell me how to solve this
Not solved well
I'm going to figure it out my own way
You Tyrannosaurus woman
I didn't know he was Lord Long.
Just you and my son let me do it
To be his boyfriend is to be a waiter, I dare
Bastard, how dare you hit me
You said you could cover me in Jinhai
It looks like I'm in trouble and you can't cover it
How dare you hit me?
Are you trying to piss me off?
Quickly kneel down and apologize to the master
Then pay for it yourself
Dad, you asked me to apologize to him
Cut off his hands
I'm your son
Your brain is hopeless, Po
Brother Ding, you will execute it.
Waste his hands
Brother Ding doesn't have long ears to sit?
It's Brother Ding, Dad, it's not crazy
How can you help others deal with me?
Uh-huh.
Ahhh
Lord Long, do you think you can let my second brother go?
I only have this one seedling.